= Contributing to animanga-wordlist =
Hello and thanks for taking your time to contribute!

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to animanga-wordlist. These are mostly guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

__TOC__

== Code of Conduct ==
This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.wiki|'''Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct version 2.0''']]. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to <ins>[mailto:contact@ryuuganime.my.id contact@ryuuganime.my.id]</ins>.

== Getting Started ==

=== Extensions, Applications, and Services Used ===
*[https://webscraper.io/ Web Scraper] for Google Chrome Browser to scraping HTML data from sites.
*Microsoft Office 365 Excel for removing duplicates and sorting as A-Z.
*[https://www.gunamoi.com.au/soft/savejson2csv/index.html Gunamoi Software SaveJson2CSV] for converting from JSON to CSV (ANSI encoding).
*[https://code.visualstudio.com/ Microsoft Visual Studio Code] for MediaWiki editing.
*Ron's CSV Editor for CSV editor.

=== Sites Accessibility ===
As we mentioned on [[readme.wiki]], we using several website for scraping data. Make sure you have an access to the site, or use API to access.

This is a table which sites are being and can not be used by this repository:
{|
!Sites
!Link
!Used data
!Scraping
|-
|AniDB
|https://anidb.net
|[[/anime|anime]], [[/charas|characters]]
|Scrape-able with extension
|-
|AniList
|https://anilist.co
|''Work in Progress''
|Need to use API for scraping
|-
|anime-offline-database
|https://github.com/manami-project/anime-offline-database
|[[/anime|anime]]
|Convert from JSON to CSV
|-
|Anime-Planet
|https://anime-planet.com
|[[/anime|anime]], [[/manga|manga]], [[/studios|studios]]
|Scrape-able with extension
|-
|Anime News Network
|https://animenewsnetwork.net
|''Null''
|Un-scrape-able
|-
|AniSearch
|https://anisearch.com ''or'' https://anisearch.de
|[[/anime|anime]], [[/manga|manga]], [[/charas|characters]]
|Scrape-able with extension
|-
|Kitsu
|https://kitsu.io
|''Work in Progress''
|Need to use API for scraping
|-
|MyAnimeList
|https://myanimelist.net
|[[/anime|anime]], [[/manga|manga]]
|Scrape-able with extension
|-
|Notify.moe
|https://notify.moe
|''Work in Progress''
|Need to use API for scraping
|-
|Shikimori
|https://shikimori.one ''or'' https://shikimori.org
|[[/anime|anime]], [[/manga|manga]]
|Scrape-able with extension
|}

== Commit and Pull Request ==

=== Cloning Repository ===
To clone this repository you need [https://git-scm.com/downloads Git] installed on your end and the repository need to be forked to your GitHub account. From your command line:
 git <nowiki>clone https://github.com/<YOUR USERNAME>/animanga-wordlist</nowiki>

=== Naming a File ===
There is simple guideline for naming a file:
<pre>
category/siteName-date.ext
</pre>
'''Note''':
;category
:Defining which data are scraped of what category.<br/>Available arguments:
::<code>anime</code>, <code>casts</code>, <code>charas</code>, <code>manga</code>, <code>producers</code>, <code>sites</code>, and <code>studios</code>.

;siteName
:Defining which site used for scraping data. Using [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camel_case camelCase].<br/>Available arguments, at the moment:
::<code>aniDb</code>, <code>aniList</code>, <code>animePlanet</code>, <code>animeNewsNetwork</code>, <code>aniSearch</code>, <code>aod</code>, <code>kitsu</code>, <code>myAnimeList</code>, <code>notifyMoe</code>, and <code>shikimori</code>.

;date
:Defining when data was scraped from site. Using <code>MMYYYY</code> pattern.

;ext
:Defining what file extension being used. Default: plain text format (<code>.txt</code>)

=== Commit Changes ===
There is no strict guidelines for adding commit message. However, the best one is make it "uniform."

We commonly use those for prefix:

*<code>Add</code>
*:when file is untracked by git.
*<code>Modify</code> or <code>Fix</code>
*:when there some lines modified from previous.
*<code>Batch update</code>
*:when there are plenty of file untracked by git.
*<code>Update</code>
*:when some information updated.

=== Pulling a Merge Request ===

#Make sure you have required to naming your commit based on <a href="#Commit_Changes">Commit Changes</a> guideline.
#Name your pull request as<br/><pre>Detail: Comment</pre>'''Note''':
#;Detail
#::Defining what the purpose of this pull request.<br/>Available arguments, at the moment:
#:::<code>Definition</code>, <code>Category</code>, <code>Fix</code>
#Click on the green "Send pull request" button to finish creating the pull request.
#You should now see an open pull request.

== Issuing Suggestion or Problem ==

Got a great idea or found an issue but can not executing as well, or unfamiliar with Git interface? Now, you can relax more because GitHub has a great feature, called [https://github.com/ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist/issues GitHub Issue]. It helps users to "interact" developers with 0 knowledge of coding.

You can send us an issue for we can look for it. 

=== Issuing Suggestion ===
#Open '''[https://github.com/ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist/issues ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist/issues]''' and tap on '''[https://github.com/ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist/issues/new New Issue]''' button.
#In title bar, write:<br/><pre>Suggestion: <your comment></pre>
#Adding additional comment/information would helps us figuring out what you want to suggest with.
#If you finished writing issue, tap '''Submit new issue'''.
#You should now see an open issue.

=== Issuing Problem ===
#Open '''[https://github.com/ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist/issues ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist/issues]''' and tap on '''[https://github.com/ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist/issues/new New Issue]''' button.
#In title bar, write:<br/><pre><your comment></pre>
#Adding additional comment/information would helps us figuring out what problem(s) is/are occurred.
#If you finished writing issue, tap '''Submit new issue'''.
#You should now see an open issue.