= Ryuuganime animanga-wordlist =

Designed for custom dictionary. This repository allows user to add Japanese (and overseas, in the future) animations, comics, novels, characters, casts, producers, and studios words to their personalized spell correction extension nor app. At the moment, we only include romaji (romanized) script for wordlist; Kanji and other script may be listed in the future.

__TOC__

This repo consists at least, so far:
* '''32843''' [[/anime|anime]] titles,
* '''94644''' [[/manga|manga]] titles,
* '''518''' [[/studios|studios]],
* '''<nowiki>#####</nowiki>''' [[/producers|producers]],
* '''86177''' [[/charas|characters]],
* '''<nowiki>#####</nowiki>''' [[/casts|seiyuus/casts]], and
* '''253''' [[/sites|official streaming and information sites]] indexed.

;'''NOTE'''
: <ins>Those dictionaries is duplicate-free and directly scraped from sites without filtering</ins>, and some data can be exact same each other since each site do have their own romanization rule for title. Numbers of how much entries included can not be a reference or source for work(s) which required for citing statistical information. 

== Scraping Information ==

We currently scraping those words directly from sites using [https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/web-scraper/jnhgnonknehpejjnehehllkliplmbmhn Web Scraper] extension.

Here is list of sites we're using for scraping data and other information:
* '''Anime'''
*:AniDB, Anime-Planet, AniSearch, [https://github.com/manami-project/anime-offline-database manami-project/anime-offline-database], MyAnimeList
* '''Manga'''
*:Anime-Planet, AniSearch, MyAnimeList
* '''Studio'''
*:Anime-Planet
* '''Producers'''
*:''to be included''
* '''Characters'''
*:AniDB (Organization names included), AniSearch
* '''Seiyuus/Casts'''
*:''to be included''
* '''Sites'''
*:Ryuuganime, [https://www.justwatch.com/ JustWatch], [https://reelgood.com/ Reelgood], [https://github.com/otakulogy/anime-streaming otakulogy/anime-streaming], [https://github.com/MALSync/MALSync MAL-Sync], [https://docs.zoho.com.au/sheet/open/stzn58acc24611fea414e8901724ff4510fe8 The /r/AnimePiracy Index]

Latest update on June 25, 2020, 9:29 PM Western Indonesian Time (UTC+7, Asia/Jakarta)

== File Information ==

We using plain text format (<code>.txt</code> and <a href="#About_rydict"><code>.rydict</code></a>) for dictionaries, and MediaWiki file format (<code>.wiki</code>, <code>.mediawiki</code>) for README and some important information. JSON, YAML, and Markdown (<code>.md</code>) files are intended to be used for the machines and GitHub only.

=== About .rydict ===

<code>.rydict</code> is a self-curated wordlist collected from several sources and implement into one file by Ryuuganime itself using plain text format (<code>.txt</code>). Basically helps dictionary/spelling checker extension/app from overhaul by the resources, so it can reduce a lot of memory consumed by the app/extension.

== Cloning, Contributing, and Issuing Suggestion/Problem ==
Please read [[contributing.wiki]] for more detailed information.

== Code of Conduct ==
This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.wiki|Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct version 2.0]]. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. For detailed information, read [[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.wiki]].

== License ==

This repository is under [[License|GNU Affero General Public License v3.0]]. You can use, modify, and distribute dictionary AS IS, without warranty of any kind and liability, and must using the same license on both end.

In a nutshell, you are still allowed, <ins>but not limited to</ins>:
* Set this repo as submodule for your repository,
* Distribute dictionary,
* etc.
